Hello to everyone today I want to show you how
build a farm animal minkravt
so let's start right away let's say the first will
have twenty will be 20 to 20 blocks
but it can be less so on him and
one law will be seven and seven wolves so
3 4 5 6 7
on yourself action 12 4 and everything will be 4
Act 7345 to the end of the conversation conduct
and share them with friends here so
manicure
pokuyu
at one two three 4 5 six 7 times
externally
like this
maybe it will
five to five letters doing here and so two
pens
so we need everything
while removing the frame so flowed
build like this
So
so here and there
after six blocks and then do 2 fence
2 to move to the fence also here
mirror do the same thing but I
I probably miss the point you understand so
the same should happen
put gates here
Well, also put the glass
Yes
so but now we will raise sake even on
two levels up so here so while i
I 'll tell you how I took such a roof and
This is how we pass the cursor
So
so now I will show how for such a roof
Putin so
why is it inside you see further here
we have here is here and so is held
2000 then I'll show you further here.
put a step here supplier here
Christ you arrive and I'll have more
roofs
as
So
pencil case so we add and
we enter it to the end
So
now do so
here she is
so 3 by 4 blocks
now the business will spend more time
we go like that so now here alone
wolf up or such a line
streplokom another raised himself too
3 by 4 blocks now just here
four blocks that way but to be here
Such is the roof for which there is a forecast
now we put a lamp in here and circle it
so around
now work lighting
so now i will show you further now we
take a sign and
frame utako enter frame
on all
from
euro and then you can make what you have
there animals will live there piggy
cows chicken sheep I'm not going to them
sign and you can sign so on
your ears should be like this
beautiful comfortable farm everyone thanks for
view put likes signed channel
until